you don't go vegan for yourself gone
vegan is not a me diet gone vegan as a
we died vegan is not something you do
just for yourself it's not a selfish act
it's not a selfish path it's something
you do for those you don't know because
you know it's the right thing to do
back then a couple pounds over the years
I'm gonna lose some weight go vegan but
you're still gonna die blood pressure a
little bit high want to get it down go
vegan but you're still gonna die no
matter what you do you're still gonna
die a vegan diet can prolong your life
studies have shown or whatever I'm no
scientist of course but studies are
pointed in that direction but you're
still gonna die I am tired of people
becoming vegan because they want to know
tighten this up or clear this up or
whatever men you don't go vegan for
yourself going vegan is not a me diet
going vegan as a we died and i just made
that up that's real i just made
that up you go vegan for the people next
to you you go vegan for those animals
over there that can't speak for
themselves you go vegan for people down
the generation to have something that's
you know to have a earth to live on
that's what gets me so upset sometimes
about the fat part of being a vegan like
it's it's not like being a hipster you
know it's not some fly-by-night thing
you go vegan for the long term if biggin
doesn't made me put on weight or wasn't
you know overly healthy for me overall i
think i'll probably still be vegan
because i'm not do that just wants to do
the right thing like you're I'm not
doing this because it's easy or
convenient or it's cool I'm doing this
because I want somebody to do it for me
first of all and second of all it's the
right thing to do and it's helping out
others people I don't know animals i
don't know people out may never meet
people i won't ever meet whatever it's
all that stuff combined in one like
veganism not something you do just for
yourself it's not a selfish act it's not
a selfish path it's something you do for
those you don't know cuz you know it's
the right thing to do you've done the
research you know what's up and that's
why I'm doing it is it always easy being
vegan like no I mean I walk KFC
sometimes and then I smell those herbs
and spices and you know I don't want to
go in there I'll never go in there but
it smells hella good I'm just like
that's convenient you know you walk to
another down the street i leave the gym
that's convenient you know I leave don't
work or something like that you know
that's convenient we don't have a diet
of convenience you know for the most
part anymore you know we're gonna be the
subject of ridicule we have to see
what's going on in the streets every
single day we have to deal with so much
but you do because you know it's
the right thing to be real I'm
insignificant in all this man I mean
together collectively we all mean
something but individually we're not
cuz everybody needs something
everybody needs someone so or something
so when you go vegan you're watching
this you're not digging man stop
bringing up the you know it's gonna be
good for my diet and gonna be good for
my waistline and I'm doing this because
you know I need to clear up my skin or
you know I'm my cholesterol is really
higher whatever man do it for somebody
beside yourself let's stop being so
selfish man like we are selfish every
single day our culture our existence is
being selfish let's do something for
somebody else for once actually 94 ones
like it shouldn't be more shouldn't have
they shouldn't even come to this like of
course I think everybody should be vegan
and you know I know the information is
not there for a lot of people or
whatever but if you're watching this
you're vegetarian you're just like
thinking like you know I love this or I
love that too much I need to do it
because of this sort of that but I can't
do it because of this like think about
somebody besides yourself you're still
gonna die no matter what the you do
and excuse my language but it's real no
matter what you're gonna do you're gonna
die you can live to be a hundred you're
still gonna die a vegan diet might help
you you know died a little bit easier it
may not who know who knows what's going
to get you out there but like you're
doing this not for yourself you're doing
it for somebody else so you're still
gonna die stop thing you're going to
live for forever do something for
somebody else or something else for once
in your life and go vegan keeping Matt
real